1) There are three input stream :
	-input
	-output
	-error 
	
2) What is System.out.println() what is out

3) can we override public static void main();

4) what is jre,jvm,jdk

5) is java really platform independent : it executes on its own platform for different os there are different jdk

6) What are Wrapper Classes?
	-Boxing

7)Automatic-Behind the scene

8) how to call garbage collector in java? System.gc() it request java to call garbage collector so it depends on garbage collector whether it want to run or not

9)what is immutabaility?
	-String
	-StringBuffer
	-StringBuilder
	
10) diff-StringBuffer
	-StringBuilder
	
11) Syncronization Example-Traffic Signal Only one side at a time is allowed.

12) public static void main(String ...args) { : this is also correct and working

13)equal and hashcode

14)Use of super keyword

[12:06 PM] Jasdhir Singh
What is Java? / Why Java?

What is JRE / JDK / JVM?

What is an object / class?

How would you compile and execute a Java program?

What is the main method signature? How does the String array parameter get populated?

What is the root class from which every class extends?

What methods are available in the Object class?

If two objects are equal, do they have the same hashcode? If not equal?

What are the primitive data types in Java?

What are the default values for all data types in Java?

What is the difference between String,StringBuilder, andStringBuffer?

What are annotations?

How would you clone an object?

Where are Strings stored?

What is a POJO? What is a bean?

How can you force garbage collection in Java?

What is the difference between == and .equals() ?

Why are strings immutable in Java?

What are the non-access modifiers in Java?

What is the difference between static and final variables?

What data types are supported in switch statements?

How to pass multiple values with a single parameter into a method?

What are enumerations (enums)?

What is the first line of constructor?

How would you make an immutable object?

What is static block?

Is Java pass-by-value or pass-by-reference?
 
